Paper Title: Deep Learning: Neural Networks for Object Detection and
             Tracking tasks
Paper Author: Daniel Speck

A. Summary of the paper:

   The paper points out the benefits of deep convolutional neural
   networks in classification tasks, especially image recognition and
   classification on static images, but also on video. The paper
   briefly touches the topic of movement tracking.
   Convolution is discussed in detail and an example for an image
   classifier is 
   

B. Strengths of the paper:

   The background section about artificial neural networks is very
   brief and still gets the necessary information across in an easy to
   understand way.  A good introduction to convolutional neural
   networks is provided and the biological context is explained. A
   very good explanation of convolution and kernel matrices is given,
   with additional concrete mathematical examples and the edge
   detection image makes the concept easy to grasp. The paper touches
   on the most important techniques for dimensionality reduction using
   pooling and subsampling. It also provides a good example for image
   classification, an ImageNet classifier. This section also includes
   information about data efficiency, which I found to be particulary
   interesting.


C. Weaknesses of the paper:

   "Artifical neural networks are intended to approximate certain
   functions [...]." Which functions?
   
   "However, such architectures are insufficient [...] because they
   need a vast amount of resources [...]." No reference of explanation
   provided as to why that is the case. Surely it depends very much on
   the implementation of the neural network.
   
   "several features", "interesting features" (page 6): No examples
   are given besides edge detection. Later on it is mentioned that the
   classifier for the ImageNet competition uses 96 different
   features. What are those? Or are these features not understandable
   for a human?
   
   The architecture of the ImageNet classifier needs a few more words
   of explanation. How many classes are use for classifying? I suppose
   4096 but I am not entirely sure.

   I would love to have more comparissons of the techniques to
   alternatives and to see more of a "abilites" vs "limits". The idea
   of splitting fovea and overall vision seems logical from a
   biological perspective, but does it actually work?

   Object tracking: "One supposed solution is the use of stacked
   denoising autoencoders to learn common features of a dataset and
   then have an additional deep neural network for tracking those
   learned patterns over time." "stacked denoising autoencoders"? This
   section really does not add any value to the paper, because as it
   is mentioned "Object tracking [...] is an even more complex
   scenario [...]." and one paragraph simply is not enough.


D. Short evaluations

D1. Coverage of the Field:

    I believe tackling three different topics at once gives a good
    overview, but the depth of the indiviual topics suffers. Or the
    paper should have been two to three pages longer. 


D2. Depth of the topic:

    Image classification was discussed in a very nice depth. Only a
    little more details about different classes and features would be
    nice. For video, it only adds the time dimension and therefore
    fits nicely with the rest of the paper. Though fusion needs
    addtitional explanation.

    The object tracking section is way to shallow and I would drop it
    in favor of the other two topics. 


D3. Critical elaboration:

    Limits of the techniques presented are not shown enough. In the
    conclusion the author does point out that there is still room for
    improvement but only bases this on error rates, though it shows
    that a critical approach to the topic was taken. 


D4. Presentation:

    You use these " things too much. Page 7: "dropout", "familiarize"
    and "deactivating" in one paragraph.

    The images on page 3 and 8 could be smaller and integrated into the
    text blocks like the kernel matrix on page 5.


E. Detailed comments to the author:
   
